Update terraform-validator to v0.4.0 (#513)
terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation: 0-bootstrap/README.md

    ```
1. Run `terraform init`.
1. Run `terraform plan` and review the output.

> 1. To run terraform-validator steps please follow the [instructions](https://github.com/forseti-security/policy-library/blob/master/docs/user_guide.md#install-terraform-validator) in the **Install Terraform Validator** section and install version `v0.4.0`. You will also need to rename the binary from `terraform-validator-<your-platform>` to `terraform-validator` and the terraform-validator binary must be in your PATH.

Reviewer: Let's link to the new TFV install docs

```suggestion
1. To run terraform-validator steps please follow the [instructions](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/terraform-validator/blob/main/docs/install.md) in the **Install Terraform Validator** section and install version `v0.4.0`. You will also need to rename the binary from `terraform-validator-<your-platform>` to `terraform-validator` and the terraform-validator binary must be in your PATH.
```
